hey guys this random in a min from
pocket now calm we're getting psychology
hands-on time here with the HTC
Thunderbolt this HTC's first LTE phone
got some fingerprints on it so basically
the front-facing camera here it looks
good feels very much like the desire HD
affect a lot of HTC's recent devices
feel like that so you got the 4g
branding down here we've got a sweet ass
kick stand here seems to me the current
trend for HTC devices a dual flash with
the 8 megapixel camera sensor perhaps
more stick a look at what we have here
so of course this is running on
verizon's LTE network hence the verizon
and the little 40 below you can see up
there we've got the new version of HTC
Sense this is the version that you'll
find on HTC Desire HD so you can log
into HTC Sense calm get all kinds of
things going on there that so let's go
to go to pocket now real quick screen
sensitivity is really good on this
device feels really well I'll do is it's
an android 2.2 phone it's got the same
specs as the desire HD but a little bit
more RAM 768 megabytes of RAM which is
quite impressive 1 gigahertz talk on
snapdragon processor running
android 2.2 i'll show you that in a
second let's jump into landscape and see
how things look check out general
performance here on the HTC Thunderbolt
htcs is that this is your phone after
your dream phone which we think is kind
of a little bit pricey considering that
you know motorola and samsung or came
out with diseases that rod for dual-core
processors and processors at one point
two gigahertz of speed annoying
advertisement here it's pinch to zoom in
see how it is pretty smooth let's jump
out and take a look at the the settings
go down to the honor yeah typical HTC
Sense skin the rubber you hate from
where settings here I think the kind of
screen you some cocktails want to place
us instead just act like any settings
okay and we'll go down here and get
about food city software fashion as you
can see that android 2.2 point-to-point
one there we're not generate right
unfortunately in this version but a
hardware my name is even with anything
else interesting and of course we the
new HTC Sense with that functionality
we've got the new customization menu so
if you go to seeing you can change a
scene and kind of get this nice 3d
scroll affect and change between the
scenes we've seen this before this is
kind of like what you get on the desire
HD the desire z so you know my skin's
that you can change so that is the HTC
Thunderbolt really it's just the desire
HD with LTE running on the risers it's a
good phone undoubtedly and I'm going to
test it fully but you know scream I'm
surprised that verizon said it was a
phone after our dreams is really to
desire each dish
that's a beautiful place
is that so